feat(langgraph+lsd): custom encryption at rest (#1715)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/encryption.mdx

---
title: Add encryption at-rest
sidebarTitle: Encryption at-rest
---

> LangGraph Platform supports encryption at-rest for checkpoint data and metadata. You can choose between basic encryption with a single key or custom encryption for advanced use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent Server supports encryption at-rest for checkpoint data and metadata. You can choose between basic encryption with a single key or custom encryption for advanced use cases.
```

<Note>

> Encryption at-rest is available for LangGraph Platform deployments (Python graphs only).

Reviewer: nit: This is in the Deployments section so I would just call out the python piece. Also the API version needed similar to here: https://docs.langchain.com/langsmith/custom-lifespan#how-to-add-custom-lifespan-events
